FEAT: add tests-pytest action (#42)
pyansys/actions: doc/source/tests-actions/index.rst

Tests actions
=============

> The tests actions allow for running the test suite for a Python library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests actions allow to run the test suite for a Python library.
```

Build library action
--------------------
This action runs the test suite for a Python library. This action accepts

> markers, options and post arguments to be passed to pytest before executing the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
markers, options, and post arguments to be passed to pytest before executing the
```
